README.md, before:

- [What to install](#what-to-install)
- [How to run these lesson](#how-to-run-these-lesson)
- [Lesson Links](#lesson-links)

## What to install

- [Latest version of Node or Active LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.dev/tools/cli/setup-local#install-the-angular-cli)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
- [Angular Language Service Plugin for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Angular.ng-template)

## How to run these lesson

- Clone this repository to your local computer.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:marktechson/angular-fundamentals-lessons
```

- From the command line, in the root directory (angular-fundamentals-lessons) run the following command:

```bash
ng serve <lesson>
```

In order to run the first lesson, for example:

```bash
ng serve 01-hello-angular
```

Then, open your browser to `http://localhost:4200` and you'll find the lesson.

## Lesson Links

- [Lesson 01 - 01-hello-angular](projects/01-hello-angular)
- [Lesson 02 - 02-displaying-dynamic-data](projects/02-displaying-dynamic-data)
- [Lesson 03 - 03-component-composition](projects/03-component-composition)
- [Lesson 04 - 04-control-flow-if](projects/04-control-flow-if)
- [Lesson 05 - 05-control-flow-for](projects/05-control-flow-for)
- [Lesson 06 - 06-input-output](projects/06-input-output)
- [Lesson 07 - 07-routing-basics](projects/07-routing-basics)
- [Lesson 08 - 08-routing-recap](projects/08-routing-recap)
- [Lesson 09 - 09-template-driven-forms](projects/09-template-driven-forms)
- [Lesson 10 - 10-reactive-forms](projects/10-reactive-forms)
- [Lesson 11 - 11-dependency-injection](projects/11-dependency-injection)
- [Lesson 12 - 12-angular-signals](projects/12-angular-signals)
- [Lesson 13 - 13-deferrable-views](projects/13-deferrable-views)

Commit message:

enhancement: update README.md with notes

README.md, after:

- [Workshop notes](#workshop-notes)
- [What to install](#what-to-install)
- [How to run these lesson](#how-to-run-these-lesson)
- [Lesson Links](#lesson-links)

## Workshop notes

Access the workshop notes [here](https://pankaj485.github.io/A17/notes/index.html)

All the workshop related notes are kept inside of `/notes` directory.

## What to install

- [Latest version of Node or Active LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.dev/tools/cli/setup-local#install-the-angular-cli)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
- [Angular Language Service Plugin for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Angular.ng-template)

## How to run these lesson

- Clone this repository to your local computer.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:marktechson/angular-fundamentals-lessons
```

- From the command line, in the root directory (angular-fundamentals-lessons) run the following command:

```bash
ng serve <lesson>
```

In order to run the first lesson, for example:

```bash
ng serve 01-hello-angular
```

Then, open your browser to `http://localhost:4200` and you'll find the lesson.

## Lesson Links

- [Lesson 01 - 01-hello-angular](projects/01-hello-angular)
- [Lesson 02 - 02-displaying-dynamic-data](projects/02-displaying-dynamic-data)
- [Lesson 03 - 03-component-composition](projects/03-component-composition)
- [Lesson 04 - 04-control-flow-if](projects/04-control-flow-if)
- [Lesson 05 - 05-control-flow-for](projects/05-control-flow-for)
- [Lesson 06 - 06-input-output](projects/06-input-output)
- [Lesson 07 - 07-routing-basics](projects/07-routing-basics)
- [Lesson 08 - 08-routing-recap](projects/08-routing-recap)
- [Lesson 09 - 09-template-driven-forms](projects/09-template-driven-forms)
- [Lesson 10 - 10-reactive-forms](projects/10-reactive-forms)
- [Lesson 11 - 11-dependency-injection](projects/11-dependency-injection)
- [Lesson 12 - 12-angular-signals](projects/12-angular-signals)
- [Lesson 13 - 13-deferrable-views](projects/13-deferrable-views)
